# Star Wars Personality Test
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/Se3Kg9FdjlA
#### Description:
    This project consists on a web app that performs a personality test (based on the OCEAN test model) to determine which Star Wars hero is most like the user.

    This project contains the following files:
    -app.py: Contains the python code with the flask apps that takes the user input from an html form, compares it with the characters parameters, calculates the coincidence level with each of them and determines the best fit (using minimun squares method), and sends the results back to html
    -quiz.html: an html form with 20 multiple choice questions probing the user's personanity based on their self assesment (from strongly agree to strongly disagree), using the OCEAN personality test model (qualifies a person in 5 different aspects: openes, consciousnes, extroversion, agreeableness and neuroticism). The user answers are sent to the app.py file to be processed
    -output.html: an html page that displays the result of the quiz (star wars character, it's description, it's picture and the % of coincidence with the user) based on the data sent by the app
    -main.css: the format for both for quiz.html and output.html (I also use bootstrap)
    -character's images: One image per character to be used in output.html

    Method: 
    The character's info used for the test is contained in a tupple in app.py (name, description, picture file and value for each of the OCEAN attributes). Another tupple contains each of the 20 traits, grouped by the corresponding OCEAN attribute. This last tupple is sent to quiz.html through the GET method to form the 20 questions. Each possible answer has a corresponding value (from -2 for "strongly disagree" to +2 for "strongly agree"), that is saved asociated to the corresponding trait of the question. Each trait-value pair is sent back to app.py through the POST method, to be used to calculate the user's OCEAN qualification. By default, users start with all 5 attributes at "5" and the app cycles through each of the 20 traits, adding the corresponding value to the corresponding attribute (that includes the trait whose value belongs to). The result of this process is a dictionary with the value corresponding to each of the 5 OCEAN attributes according to the user's answers to the quiz. Next step is to cycle through each of the character's OCEAN qualification, calculating the squared difference between user's and character's value. This 5 values are added and square root is applied and then it is translated to a % of coincidence between the user and each character. The result of this stage is a dictionary with each character's name and it's % of coincidence with the user. A new loop finds the character with the highest result, and this is sent to output.html (together witg that character's description and picture file name). Finally, at output.html this information is displayed as the result of the quiz.
